Below are procedures for doing quality assurance checks on an interactive website. It's written by a team of quality checkers without professional experience. We're web users who know how to fiddle around with something until it breaks!

1) Find out if there is a tool that's being used to manage issues.
  a) Are they being submitted through github? If so, which repository?
  b) Are they being put into Trello, or some other tracking program? Which one? Ask the team leader for access.
  c) Should you e-mail them to someone directly? Who?
  
2) Get user stories from the developer or project manager. Who is supposed to use this site? What should they be able to do?
[put some examples here]

3) Try to follow the user stories by finding the information the user would need or filling out forms to provide or request information. If you find issues like the following, report them.
[put some examples here]

4) Once you've finished using the site in a typical way, try to do some unexpected things.
  a) Skip some fields in forms
  [more examples]

5) When you find a problem, include the following in a report:
  [examples of things that would be helpful to include in the issue report]
  
Anything else important that was missed above?

6)Plan to categorize your findings. Categorization of findings help to organize testing and QA. It can be labelled below as:
  a) Security concerns
  b) Cosmetic concerns (otherwise known as bells and whistles)
  c)General outlook of the application:
            i)Is the application intuitive or not?
            ii) Navigation process
  d) Recommendations

7)Write down or use a word processor to store your observations while testing. Infact keep the word processor open simultaneaoulsy as you are testing.

8)Get as much information as possible from those experienced with testing & QA, which may be useful while testing.

9) Familiarize yourself with the requirements/specification document to ensure that the application complies with it- even when no errors are present.

10) Anything that strikes you as odd or maybe different, you may want to note it or point that out to the developers just incase, it wasn't their intention for such to happen.


ps Neat trick! If you need to test something with several different e-mail addresses, gmail will let you use a plus sign to change your e-mail address. So if your email address is example@gmail.com, you can try logging in as example+awesome@gmail.com. It'll still go to you! Gmail ignores everything between the + and the @.

